I bought a bag of the same style today and sent it here.
It was specially customized by Mr. Gu for his girlfriend
There is only one in the world.
Xiaoxiao, is this a copy?
Did your boyfriend cheat on you?
Yes, Xiaoxiao
What you've said makes sense.
Liu Zhiwei
You have been standing by Jiang Yinlin since you were a child
The three of us are in the same orphan dean
You press me all over with your face
I have a rich boyfriend now
You call my boyfriend a liar
I'm just worried about you. What are you worried about?
Are you jealous?
Jealous that I don't look as good as you
No, you have a high degree and no job
But I found a rich man who spoiled me to the sky
Then we'll find an appraiser
Check if your bag is genuine.
If you identify it, you will definitely find that this is the bag he bought.
Then my impersonation will also be exposed
No, don't use concern as a pretense
You have always looked down on me Xiao Xiao
You find your boyfriend
Zhiwei and I will report to you
I heard the housekeeper say you were out
Where is it? I'm at the hot pot restaurant
I was in the neighborhood.
Come pick you up
No, I'm just going back.
Wait a minute boyfriend, right?
Just in time we were waiting for him to come